In the end, all the
If you look at the traces of autumn, you can smell the dust.
Autumn is a season of thorns, and the doors are not closed to the gods of the gods of the dead.
I sleep in the forest and return to the north at night.
I wonder if I can find a place to sleep in the mountains and fields at home.
Even if I go far away, I will return to the old house of the Gato.
The sun sets in the west, and the green roof of the house is overlaid with grass.
The sun sets in the west, and the shadow of the hill is in the water.
The wind blows down from the hill, and the sea is washed away by the wind.
I was carved on the surface of the waves, and I was planted on the flowers of the
The song of the sea is broken by the storm of the night, and the blood of life is seen below and breathed into the sky.
Let's see the high figure of the alalagi in the water.
The sky is clear, and the sky is clear.